As per the submnission instructions, we use the variables for Means and Standards.

Subject	The test person
Lables	The activity (1 = WALKING, 2=WALKING UPSTAIRD, 3=WALKING DOWNSTAIRS, 4 = SITTING, 5 = STANDING, 6 = LAYING
tBodyAccmeanX_mean	Self describing
tBodyAccmeanY_mean	Self describing
tBodyAccmeanZ_mean	Self describing
tGravityAccmeanX_mean	Self describing
tGravityAccmeanY_mean	Self describing
tGravityAccmeanZ_mean	Self describing
tBodyAccJerkmeanX_mean	Self describing
tBodyAccJerkmeanY_mean	Self describing
tBodyAccJerkmeanZ_mean	Self describing
tBodyGyromeanX_mean	Self describing
tBodyGyromeanY_mean	Self describing
tBodyGyromeanZ_mean	Self describing
tBodyGyroJerkmeanX_mean	Self describing
tBodyGyroJerkmeanY_mean	Self describing
tBodyGyroJerkmeanZ_mean	Self describing
tBodyAccMagmean_mean	Self describing
tGravityAccMagmean_mean	Self describing
tBodyAccJerkMagmean_mean	Self describing
tBodyGyroMagmean_mean	Self describing
tBodyGyroJerkMagmean_mean	Self describing
fBodyAccmeanX_mean	Self describing
fBodyAccmeanY_mean	Self describing
fBodyAccmeanZ_mean	Self describing
fBodyAccmeanFreqX_mean	Self describing
fBodyAccmeanFreqY_mean	Self describing
fBodyAccmeanFreqZ_mean	Self describing
fBodyAccJerkmeanX_mean	Self describing
fBodyAccJerkmeanY_mean	Self describing
fBodyAccJerkmeanZ_mean	Self describing
fBodyAccJerkmeanFreqX_mean	Self describing
fBodyAccJerkmeanFreqY_mean	Self describing
fBodyAccJerkmeanFreqZ_mean	Self describing
fBodyGyromeanX_mean	Self describing
fBodyGyromeanY_mean	Self describing
fBodyGyromeanZ_mean	Self describing
fBodyGyromeanFreqX_mean	Self describing
fBodyGyromeanFreqY_mean	Self describing
fBodyGyromeanFreqZ_mean	Self describing
fBodyAccMagmean_mean	Self describing
fBodyAccMagmeanFreq_mean	Self describing
fBodyBodyAccJerkMagmean_mean	Self describing
fBodyBodyAccJerkMagmeanFreq_mean	Self describing
fBodyBodyGyroMagmean_mean	Self describing
fBodyBodyGyroMagmeanFreq_mean	Self describing
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMagmean_mean	Self describing
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMagmeanFreq_mean	Self describing
angletBodyAccMean,gravity_mean	Self describing
angletBodyAccJerkMean,gravityMean_mean	Self describing
angletBodyGyroMean,gravityMean_mean	Self describing
angletBodyGyroJerkMean,gravityMean_mean	Self describing
angleX,gravityMean_mean	Self describing
angleY,gravityMean_mean	Self describing
angleZ,gravityMean_mean	Self describing
tBodyAccstdX_mean	Self describing
tBodyAccstdY_mean	Self describing
tBodyAccstdZ_mean	Self describing
tGravityAccstdX_mean	Self describing
tGravityAccstdY_mean	Self describing
tGravityAccstdZ_mean	Self describing
tBodyAccJerkstdX_mean	Self describing
tBodyAccJerkstdY_mean	Self describing
tBodyAccJerkstdZ_mean	Self describing
tBodyGyrostdX_mean	Self describing
tBodyGyrostdY_mean	Self describing
tBodyGyrostdZ_mean	Self describing
tBodyGyroJerkstdX_mean	Self describing
tBodyGyroJerkstdY_mean	Self describing
tBodyGyroJerkstdZ_mean	Self describing
tBodyAccMagstd_mean	Self describing
tGravityAccMagstd_mean	Self describing
tBodyAccJerkMagstd_mean	Self describing
tBodyGyroMagstd_mean	Self describing
tBodyGyroJerkMagstd_mean	Self describing
fBodyAccstdX_mean	Self describing
fBodyAccstdY_mean	Self describing
fBodyAccstdZ_mean	Self describing
fBodyAccJerkstdX_mean	Self describing
fBodyAccJerkstdY_mean	Self describing
fBodyAccJerkstdZ_mean	Self describing
fBodyGyrostdX_mean	Self describing
fBodyGyrostdY_mean	Self describing
fBodyGyrostdZ_mean	Self describing
fBodyAccMagstd_mean	Self describing
fBodyBodyAccJerkMagstd_mean	Self describing
fBodyBodyGyroMagstd_mean	Self describing
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMagstd_mean	Self describing
